Update recipe.rst (#2317)
arbor-sim/arbor: doc/concepts/recipe.rst

  labelled "detector_0" is attached to the middle of the soma. The detector will generate a
  spike event when the voltage goes above 10 mV. At the same spot on the soma, a current clamp
  is also attached, with the intention of triggering some spikes. All of the preceding info —

>   the morphology, dynamics, threshold detector, and current clamp — constitute what is termed the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  the morphology, dynamics, threshold detectors, and stimuli — constitute what is termed the
```

.. topic:: Be reproducible

    Arbor is designed to give reproducible results when the same model is run on a

>     a different number of MPI ranks or threads or on different hardware (e.g., GPUs).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    a different number of MPI ranks or threads or on different hardware, e.g., GPUs.
```
